Industria de Textiles y Confección Indutexco CIA LTDA, started its commercial activities on February 24, 2017. De los Shyris Avenue N41-02, in the city of Quito.
Due to the inefficiency granted by the work performed in spreadsheets, which leads to be inefficient, the reaction times in the production area are very long and slow, the large number of documents that are printed to be of documents that are printed to visualize the information and distribute them in each area, causes that the information delivered is not current.
The large number of documents that are printed to display the information and distribute them in each area, causes that the information delivered is not current and accurate. The lack of constant organization of the The lack of constant organization of the information entered causes loss of information and confusion among the other areas and the administrative personnel, resulting in the loss of information and confusion among the other areas and the administrative personnel. administrative staff, which results in the loss of clients.
The implementation of a system that allows the generation of production orders to facilitate and streamline the processes of INDUTEXCO CIA LTDA, by means of a web page that registers the clients and shows the information of each one of them. customers and show the information of each production order.
This will improve the control in the company, reducing time and providing a comfortable and simple way to visualize the production, because it will and simple way to visualize the production, because it will provide relevant and orderly information of the production area. production area.
